#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
anyio==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arviz==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymc3
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow-datasets
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
black==21.12b0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pymc3
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cftime==1.5.2
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via tf-keras-vis
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   pymc3
    #   tensorflow-datasets
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.2
    # via stack-data
fastprogress==1.0.0
    # via pymc3
filelock==3.4.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   theano-pymc
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.29.0
    # via matplotlib
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gap-stat==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.54.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.43.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.4.0
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imageio==2.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-keras-vis
importlib-metadata==4.10.1
    # via markdown
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.7.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipytest==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipytest
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.13.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==12.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.3.5
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.10
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
netcdf4==1.5.8
    # via arviz
nltk==3.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.4.7
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   cftime
    #   fastprogress
    #   gap-stat
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pymc3
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   theano-pymc
    #   transformers
    #   xarray
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   bleach
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipytest
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   tf-keras-vis
    #   transformers
pandas==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   gap-stat
    #   pymc3
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
patsy==0.5.2
    # via
    #   pymc3
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   tf-keras-vis
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.3
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pymc3==3.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via ipytest
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
regex==2022.1.18
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.47
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   gap-stat
    #   pymc3
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tf-keras-vis
    #   theano-pymc
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==2.13.0
    # via pymc3
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   patsy
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.1.4
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-addons==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.23.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.6.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
tf-keras-vis==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
theano-pymc==1.1.2
    # via pymc3
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==1.2.3
    # via black
torch==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
transformers==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pymc3
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
xarray==0.20.2
    # via arviz
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
